I'll die now for you to see
What is this for?
Can't you feel sorry for your dad?
You said you were going to die
Are you still waiting for the school to give me that raw material?
Are you dying?
Yes, oops, oops, oops.
Hey, what are you doing?
It's not pretty if you scratch your face.
Shameless
My husband is not someone you can fight if you want
It's you stinky trash picker again
Yunwei don't worry
Why are you here with me?
I will not come again
Are you going to let them bully my woman?
Where's the junk picker?
Just because you are a waste, you want to climb our Shen family
If you want to say that you climb high, it is also your Shen family who climb high to me.
Our Shen family also has a group company
How can you compare to me as a junk picker?
For a mere raw material
Let Yunwei have to marry him
This kind of selling of my daughter really scared me to death
A mere raw material
Waste has the ability
You will be global
The ingredients refined by the top doctors are taken out
Even if you take it out, you trash, do you have money?
You don't deserve it at all
Didn't you just threaten the Shen family with the raw materials?
Who can't afford this?
Bastard
You are a junk collector.
Do you know what a rare ingredient looks like?
This trash should be piled up in the trash
Don't let your dog stink here